Restructure migration section (#3562)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_migrating-project-or-smartproxy-using-clone.adoc

[id="migrating-{project-context}-or-proxy-using-clone_{context}"]

> = Migrating {Project} or {SmartProxy} to {EL-abbr}{nbsp}9 using clone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Migrating {Project} or {SmartProxy} to {EL-abbr}{nbsp}9 by using cloning
```

You can clone your existing {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer} from {EL}{nbsp}8 to a freshly installed {EL}{nbsp}9 system.
ifdef::satellite[]
Create a backup of the existing {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}, which you then clone on the new {EL}{nbsp}9 system.
[NOTE]
====

> You can use cloning for {ProjectServer} backups but not for {SmartProxyServer} backups.

Reviewer: This whole section describes that you _can_ use cloning to back up a Smart Proxy Server, doesn't it? So how does this note fit in?

Author: My bad. I think I edited and committed without saving the changes.

====
endif::[]

.Procedure
. Perform a full backup of your {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxy}.
This is the source {EL}{nbsp}8 server that you are migrating.

> For more information, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-{project-context}-server-and-{smart-proxy-context}_admin#Performing_a_Full_Backup_admin[Performing a full backup of {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer}] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.

Reviewer: This looks like a broken link (it doesn't open any specific section).

Author: It should ideally point to 
https://docs.redhat.com/it/documentation/red_hat_satellite/6.16/html/administering_red_hat_satellite/backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule_admin#Performing_a_Full_Backup_admin

. Deploy a system with {EL}{nbsp}9 and the same hostname and configuration as the source server.
This is the target server.
ifdef::satellite[]
. Clone the server.

> Clone configures hostname for the target server and you can test it before retiring the source server.

Reviewer: I find this sentence unclear. Fixing a few suspected grammar issues might help:
```suggestion
Cloning configures a hostname for the target server and you can test it before retiring the source server.
```
But that might still leave some things unclear. "You can test it" -- what is _it_? Do you mean test the clone, the hostname, the target server? It's better to be precise and specify the _it_ if there are multiple objects it can potentially refer to.

Author: Split this line into two. Does it make more sense?

> For more information, see {AdministeringDocURL}sec-Cloning_to_Target[Cloning to the target server] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_endif::[]

Reviewer: Note the missing new line, it breaks the link and the conditional.

Reviewer: Also, how about making the link point to the assembly rather than a procedure? I think that would work better because the assembly includes a section on how to prepare the server for cloning, you probably don't want users to skip it.

[id="migrating-{project-context}-or-proxy-using-clone_{context}"]

> = Migrating {Project} or {SmartProxy} to {EL-abbr}{nbsp}9 by using cloning

Reviewer: You should probably drop "proxy" from the heading and ID too, right?

Author: ack yes. That makes sense.

You can clone your existing {ProjectServer} from {EL}{nbsp}8 to a freshly installed {EL}{nbsp}9 system.
ifdef::satellite[]
Create a backup of the existing {ProjectServer}, which you then clone on the new {EL}{nbsp}9 system.
[NOTE]
====

> You can use cloning for {ProjectServer} backups but not for {SmartProxyServer} backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use cloning for {SmartProxyServer} backups.
```
How about this? Is this enough?

====
endif::[]

.Procedure
. Perform a full backup of your {ProjectServer}.
This is the source {EL}{nbsp}8 server that you are migrating.

> For more information, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-{project-context}-server-and-{smart-proxy-context}_admin#Performing_a_Full_Backup_admin[Performing a full backup of {ProjectServer}] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.

Reviewer: Wrong link? It looks like it has two anchors. Perhaps a copy-pasting mistake?

Author: Yes! the anchors were the issue! Thanks

. Deploy a system with {EL}{nbsp}9 and the same hostname and configuration as the source server.
This is the target server.
ifdef::satellite[]
. Clone the server.

> Clone configures hostname for the target server.

Reviewer: I don't get this sentence :see_no_evil: Perhaps "Cloning configures a hostname [...]"? But then again, aren't users supposed to define the hostname on line 17?

Author: Removed the hostname mention from line 17 as that's not necessary for cloning.

> Test the newly configured server before retiring the source server.

Reviewer: Should this be a new step?
```suggestion
. Test the newly configured server before retiring the source server.
```
